=Team Skill 5 - Software Requirement Specification=

==1. Introduction:==

===1.1 Purpose:===

*This part provides  the organized method to elaborate, organize, and communicate the software requirements. This will show details for the v1.0 release of the Smart Restaurant Reservation (SRR) system.*

===1.2 Scope:===

*This specification is for the SRR only.*

===1.3 References:===

[https://code.google.com/p/smart-restaurant-reservation-srr/wiki/BUSINESSPROCESS BUSINESS PROCESS]

[https://code.google.com/p/smart-restaurant-reservation-srr/wiki/TeamSkill3 Team Skill3]

==2. SRR Functionality:==

* *Make online reservations.*
* *Send confirmation numbers.*
* *Update online reservations.*
* *Shows  the new reservations.*

==3. SRR Usability:==

*SRR system will be available on the restaurant website, and it will be easy to use any time. The SRR interface will be developed consistently.*

==4. SRR Reliability:==

* *The system availability has to be greater than or equal to 99%.*
* *24/7 availability.*
* *SRR should not affect the restaurant website.*

==5. SRR Performance:==

* *The system should respond instantly to users.*
* *System accuracy to responding  should not be more than 10 seconds.*

==6. SRR Supportability:==

*The system will be supported by the restaurant’s website.*

==7. Design Constraints:==

*The system will be developed and designed depending on stakeholder needs and business needs, but it should not affect the performance of the restaurant website.*

==8. SRR Documentation Requirements:==

*SRR will be delivered with the following system guidelines:*

* *Application guides.*
* *Installation guides.*
* *Tutorials guides.*

==9. SRR Interfaces:==

* *SRR user interfaces have to be integrated with the restaurant website.*
* *Hardware interface end unit: computer to receive and update online reservations at the restaurant.*

==10. Licensing, Security, and Installation requirements:==

* *SRR system has to have its own valid licenses for certain period of time.* 
* *Developers have to install and test the SRR system on the restaurant website.*

==11. Legal, Copyright, and Other Notices:==

* *All code, product documentation, used interface  must contain the following copyright message:
Copyright © 2013-2014 srr, All right reserved.*
* *Customer must agree to terms and conditions if application use.*

==12. SRR Applicable Standards.==

*SRR should support most of Internet browsers.*

==13. Internationalization and localization:==

*The system will be in English*

==14. Physical Deliverables.==

==15. Installations and Deployment.==

*SRR will be installed on the restaurant’s website.*


  
 
 
 



